Add helpers for tags and env vars (#6)
fermyon/bartholomew: content/docs/handlebars.md

Note that the `site.pages` array has access to every single document in the `content` folder.
This part of the API may change in the future, as it does not scale terribly well.

### The Env Object

The third top-level object is `env`, which holds all of the environment data, including details about
the HTTP request, the path of this resource, and other WAGI information.

The `env` object is a set of keys and values:

```
{
    PATH_INFO: "/hello-world"
    ...
}
```

> The list of environment variables is long. Any environment variable that begins `HTTP_` is from the web browswer and should not be trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of environment variables is long. Any environment variable that begins `HTTP_` is from the web browser and should not be trusted.
```
